Madison's Favorite Slow Cooker Beef Tacos

382 Cals 31 Protein 24 Carbs 20 Fats

Prep Time:
15 mins

Cook Time:
25 mins

Total Time:
40 mins

YIELD:8 SERVINGS
COURSE:Dinner
CUISINE:American, Mexican

Taco night happens once a week in my house, these are the BEST ground tacos made from scratch! We make this taco recipe with beef or turkey, it's delicious both ways.

Ingredients
2 pounds 93% lean ground beef
1 tablespoon cumin
2 teaspoon kosher salt
2 teaspoon chili powder
2 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 small onion, minced
2 cloves crushed garlic
1/4 cup minced red bell pepper
1/2 cup water
1 cup tomato sauce
1 bay leaf
16 corn taco shells

Toppings:
2 cups shredded romaine lettuce
1 cup shredded cheddar
2 plum tomatoes, diced


Instructions

Slow Cooker Recipe:
Brown the beef in a large nonstick skillet over high heat, breaking it into smaller pieces as it cooks. When no longer pink add 2 teaspoons of the cumin along with the remaining dry spices, onion, bell pepper and garlic, stir and cook 2 to 3 minutes until soft, then transfer to the slow cooker along with 1/2 cup water, bay leaf and tomato sauce. Cover and cook on high 3 hours or low 6 to 8. Discard the bay leaf and add the remaining teaspoon of cumin.

Heat the taco shells according to the directions, then assemble placing 1/4 cup beef in each shell, topped with lettuce, 1 tablespoon cheese and tomato.

Instant Pot Recipe:
Press saute, add the beef and cook breaking it into smaller pieces as it cooks. When no longer pink add 2 teaspoons of the cumin along with the remaining dry spices, onion, bell pepper and garlic, stir and cook 2 to 3 minutes until soft.

Add 1/2 cup water, bay leaf and tomato sauce. Cover and cook on high pressure 20 minutes; natural release. Discard the bay leaf and add the remaining teaspoon of cumin.

Heat the taco shells according to the directions, then assemble placing 1/4 cup beef in each shell, topped with lettuce, 1 tablespoon cheese and tomato.

Notes

This recipe makes enough for 2 nights for a family of 4. You can freeze half, to freeze transfer to a freezer safe container and freeze for up to 3 months. To reheat, transfer to the refrigerator the night before to thaw, then reheat on the stove or microwave.

Serving: 2 tacos, Calories: 382kcal, Carbohydrates: 24g, Protein: 31g, Fat: 20g, Saturated Fat: 4g, Cholesterol: 86mg, Sodium: 744mg, Fiber: 8g, Sugar: 4gBlue Smart Points:9Green Smart Points:9Purple Smart Points:9Points +:10
KEYWORDS:beef taco recipe, beef tacos, best ground beef taco recipe, how to make tacos with ground beef, taco recipe, tacos

Source: https://www.skinnytaste.com/madisons-favorite-slow-cooker-beef-tacos/